# Resources
ENERGY: Primary resource
WATER: Primary resource
AIR: Primary resource
ORE: Primary resource
URANIUM: Primary resource
BIOMASS: Secondary resource (water, )
FOOD: Secondary resource (biomass)
METAL: Secondary resource (ore)
POPULATION: Secondary resource (food, water, air)
LUXURIES: Secondary resource (metal)
PRODUCTION: Secondary resource (population)
TRANSFER: Secondary resource (production)
FUEL: Storage medium
MOVEMENT: Quality
Mining jobs: Quality
Uranium mining jobs: Quality
Farming jobs: Quality
WATER_RES: Quality
SPACE: Quality
Living space: Quality
MASS: Quality
*/
Simple tree:
<br><span style="color:#FFFF00">
Energy: Produced by solar panels, reactors, consumed by most things.
<br><span style="color:#0000FF">
Water: Produced naturally by planets and asteroids, consumed by biomass and population.
<br><span style="color:#EEEEEE">
Air: Produced naturally by planets and biomass
<br><span style="color:#FF0000">
Ore, uranium: Produced naturally by planets and asteroids
<br><span style="color:#00FF00">
Biomass: Grows naturally based on capacity (capacity can be increased by farmers); consumes water but produces air; can be converted into food
<br><span style="color:#00FF00">
Biomass will die unless the planet is in the habitable zone, or life support is given. 
<br><span style="color:#00FF00">
Food: Produced by consuming biomass. 
<br><span style="color:#999999">
Metal: Produced by consuming ore. 
<br><span style="color:#FF00FF">
Population: Grows naturally, produces production and consumes water, air, and food. 
<br><span style="color:#FF00FF">
Luxuries: Produced by consuming metal. Used to... TBA. 
<br><span style="color:#FF77FF">
Production: Used for various things - maintaining buildings, extracting resources, converting resources, etc. 
<br><span style="color:#FF77FF">
Transfer: Used to transfer things. 
<br><span style="color:#009900">
Fuel: Made by combining water and energy. Can be turned back into water and energy. This is an efficient way to store things. 
<br><span style="color:#FFFF00">
Movement: Literally motion. Used to move. Generated by engines, which consume energy to operate. 
<br><span style="color:#9900FF">
Space: Amount of available space on the object. 
<br><span style="color:#9900FF">
Living space: Amount of habitable space on the object. 
<br><span style="color:#9900FF">
Mass: How big the object is. Makes it harder to move. 






















